= pismo (content steamer)

* http://github.com/peterc/pismo

== STATUS:

Pismo is NOT YET RELEASED IN ANY FORM. Please do not review it or link to it yet. If you're brave, you can have a PLAY with it as the examples below do work and the tests all pass.

== DESCRIPTION:

Pismo extracts metadata and machine-usable data from otherwise unstructured 
HTML documents, including titles, body text, graphics, and keywords.

For example, if you have a blog post HTML file, Pismo should, in theory, be
able to extract the title, the actual "content", images relating to the
content, look up Delicious tags, and analyze for keywords.

== SYNOPSIS:

* Basic demo:

    require 'open-uri'
    require 'pismo'
    doc = Pismo::Document.new(open('http://www.rubyinside.com/cramp-asychronous-event-driven-ruby-web-app-framework-2928.html'))
    doc.title     # => "Cramp: Asychronous Event-Driven Ruby Web App Framework"
    doc.author    # => "Peter Cooper"
    doc.lede      # => "Cramp (GitHub repo)is a new, asynchronous evented Web app framework by Pratik Naik of 37signals (and the Rails core team). It's built around Ruby's EventMachine library and was designed to use event-driven I/O throughout - making it ideal for situations where you need to handle a large number of open connections (such as Comet systems or streaming APIs.)"
    doc.keywords  # => [["cramp", 7], ["controllers", 3], ["app", 3], ["basic", 2], ..., ... ]
    

== COMMAND LINE TOOL:

A command line tool called "pismo" is included so that you can get metadata about a page from the command line. This is
great for testing, or perhaps calling it from a non Ruby script. The output is currently in YAML.

* Usage: 

    ./bin/pismo http://www.rubyinside.com/cramp-asychronous-event-driven-ruby-web-app-framework-2928.html title lede author
    
* Output:

    --- 
    :url: http://www.rubyinside.com/cramp-asychronous-event-driven-ruby-web-app-framework-2928.html
    :title: "Cramp: Asychronous Event-Driven Ruby Web App Framework"
    :lede: Cramp (GitHub repo)is a new, asynchronous evented Web app framework by Pratik Naik of 37signals
    :author: Peter Cooper

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile, version, or history.
* Send me a pull request.

== COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Apache 2.0 License - See LICENSE for details.

All except lib/pismo/readability.rb is Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 Peter Cooper
lib/pismo/readability.rb is Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 Arc90 Inc, starrhorne, and iterationlabs

The readability stuff was ganked from http://github.com/iterationlabs/ruby-readability